you will discover in our show
so true of reports and
interviews with people who have
serious problems yes these people whose
two serious problems you're going
now discover we're going
start with our reviews
we come to meet na vi who
is of a morbid jealousy towards his
boyfriend but where does he grow to you oh yes
what are the facts as long as you
understand that he or she understands
what is happening here
bernier m6 we discuss deco yeah that's
it clears okay
no but it's a fault
to dress her up then does anything like that
you count me but I 'm not cheating on you
dear liar you'll see you cheating on you
not what I'm going to do
which not believe he still saved emerges
you are not
but you do not care what me again
cheat but cheat on who with him
the bars but what do I have to see
in this story I wanted to steal
my match I killed May 12 wanted you
wanted to steal my boyfriend
I'm going to kill but I did not do anything
I will do now you stop your
nonsense but what can I do
if I do not have the right
you shut up you stay with me all the time
day but I want to go to
toilets where you stay here do not have
want to go to the toilet
of good agreement ben I went to basic
wine but why do you hold me
I will go to the bathroom with you
you believe what should not come with me I
to the toilet if and I 'm going to wash you the
plate and we are you go to me no
but you're crazy or what if I'm here
to the bathroom I go back into the
time to be with you I watch who to
nobody but it's full we stop this
criminalist my darling you but yes me
so I got you so we go all the duets
toilet help help me if he is
what someone will stop filming
this show is going there
no what
we are not looking for him at all
am ah yes and he is young
career nice spaces of bastards a
hello to help you shut up what is it
that sibel releases you is no but
frankly it is necessary to calm ones life
title so that he dares cohade month of a
roof two years you're not going at all
together all the way like you your head
not at all is still how you
dares and in the name of the rating will pay us
let's go now to Claudine and
it was so cute
I do not believe he's hitting but
only but not if you take yourself
not massa drags it's me who goes
to chat with claudine titles without locks
yeah I think that night a
problem but no one should not dredged
massa you have to drag me hockey not but
where is the world going
I really think she has a big
problem yeah either to the paw it's playing
it is not clear but hey there is
something that is not going to tell me you
beautiful i'm in love with you tonight
I want you that it is me who must
marry you understood your bullshit of
claudia you me it's over
but why because you have on a
psychotic killer or not claudia but
why do not you smile but it's the
cosmetic surgery since I got
am done remove city hall I could not
to stop me from smiling it was worse
like that was hell my grandfather a
ask think maybe these planets
were glad he was my name my
speed and my aesthetic research
since they did something to me
in the face I do not know anymore I laugh all the
time I smiled all the clan of the coup
Well, you do not need that anyway you
been in l1 from the beginning my claude who
must be in love with me that's good
like that rocks a texture of a no
in fact I do not know how I look
galley that natural anyway
and now we will introduce you
the history of the stran to the wind
I do not believe it on it so much she
share and subscribe